.TH "LLC200_INIT" 3 "1 Dec 2005" "llcontrol" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LLC200_INIT \- LLC200_INIT acq216 host side buffer for host side initialisation.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <acq32busprot.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBmarker\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBmask\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILLC200_INIT_MAGIC_MARKER. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBdds_ftw\fP [8]"
.br
.RI "\fIindicates the fields to change. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "union {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   unsigned long long \fBull\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   unsigned \fBshort\fP \fBw\fP [4]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBvranges\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI6 byte ftw, 2 byte QDAC \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBshort\fP \fBoffsets\fP [16]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBtrig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIchannels 1. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBchannel_mask\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItrigger definition \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBint_clk\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI0xf,0xff,0xfff,0xffff {4m,8,12,16} \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
LLC200_INIT acq216 host side buffer for host side initialisation. 

we use a struct else it's just too tedious, but enforce a u32 alignment between fields
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned \fBLLC200_INIT::channel_mask\fP"
.PP
trigger definition 
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.SS "unsigned char \fBLLC200_INIT::dds_ftw\fP[8]"
.PP
indicates the fields to change. 
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBLLC200_INIT::int_clk\fP"
.PP
0xf,0xff,0xfff,0xffff {4m,8,12,16} 
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBLLC200_INIT::marker\fP"
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBLLC200_INIT::mask\fP"
.PP
LLC200_INIT_MAGIC_MARKER. 
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBshort\fP \fBLLC200_INIT::offsets\fP[16]"
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBLLC200_INIT::trig\fP"
.PP
channels 1. 
.PP
.16. 
.SS "unsigned long long \fBLLC200_INIT::ull\fP"
.PP
.SS "union { ... }   \fBLLC200_INIT::vranges\fP"
.PP
6 byte ftw, 2 byte QDAC 
.PP
.SS "unsigned \fBshort\fP \fBLLC200_INIT::w\fP[4]"
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for llcontrol from the source code.
